# 00016277_travel_agency

This project was created to improve the existing modules of the website of the travel agency BEST HOLIDAYS TOUR. Best Holidays Tour is a travel company of Uzbekistan, which was established in 2014. Our company is young, but with great potential, which lies in a team consisting of experienced employees. We have experience in servicing various categories of tourists, ranging from low-budget to VIP level, including servicing delegations at the highest level. Their company offers various kinds of thematic tours in Uzbekistan, including combined tours to the countries of Central Asia, Russia, China, Southeast Asia (Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Brunei), etc. In this project, a more modern site structure and an approximate design of all pages were installed. These changes will help to improve the interaction of a potential client with the site for the sake of further cooperation between the travel agency and the client. Along with the changed structure, photos were also changed on the site to improve the first effect that the user experiences, which will ultimately improve the conversion of the site.
This project will be able to be transferred and used by foreign clients, which will help this company to move to the international level, where in the future it is expected to replenish the package of services, where, in turn, tours to more popular countries for tourism may appear.
In this project, you can improve the design in the future and add additional updated information. Also, for the full functionality of the site, you will need to add a BackEnd. Together with the bottom part of the site, it will be possible to accept applications from potential customers, receive requests for certain tours and reserve hotels for a certain period.
As a result, this project has the potential for the company - BEST HOLIDAYS TOUR, which may lead to the expansion of the company abroad.
In this project, the design was made in the likeness of this resource https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TalusE29iqg&t=133s

Link ot the website: https://00016277.github.io/00016277_travel_agency/
